CLI release 1.8.4 (#1623)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.8.4

Release date: December 12, 2022

### Additional improvements

> - Added `__pycache__/` to `gitignore` created by `astro dev init`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default Astro project `.gitignore` file now includes `__pycache__/`.
```

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where a SQL Alchemy deprecation warning was showing up in the local container logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a SQL Alchemy deprecation warning was appearing in logs for locally running Airflow components.
```
